GIT:
checkin->push
checkout->pull

Github is a hosting service(website) and in that service you can create no of git repositoty
GIT is tool 
GIT is Source control management
Also you can say github is a site provides a space to the git


Sequence:
git init
git add origin<url>
git status
git add .
git status
git commit -m "Test"
git push origin master

Steps:
1. Create the Git repository
2. Navigate the project folder in desktop and check whether .git file is der.
If der git is initilized
3.Open the git bash and Navigate to the specific folder and  Type the command:
 git init and press enter
Note: And you will see the empty repository has been created in the location with the .git file
This is a hidden file and you wont be able to see. You can see in the view option
To view from the command(bsh)-> ls -alt

4. Now your git repository is available in the remotely(i.e., In the git website)
Type the command to register in the git repository(i.e., link is done from git repository to local)
git remote add origin https://github.com/TestAutomationlabs/FreeCRM.git	

5. Now youve to commit our code:
To check you just type the command-> git status
you may see in red color for the changes to commit

6. Now type the command to add the files : git add .
Now you see everything is coming in green color

7. Now all these files are ready to commit. Before commit(checkin/push) the code you have to commit
Type the command now:
git commit -m "first commit for my FreeCRM code"
Now your code is commited. 
Git commit is used to save changes to your local repository

8. Push the code to repository:
git push origin master
And now if master -> master shows den you may come conclude that it has been moved to master branch
Now you go to your repository and see the code has imported

9. Clone the code:
Create one folder by using mkdir C:\Users\SLANKEGO\Desktop\seleniumcourse
Cloning is happen only for the first time. i.e., cloning the code base
git clone https://github.com/TestAutomationlabs/ProgressTest.git
Now you can see cloning is done or not by navigating to the particular folder
"C:\Users\SLANKEGO\Desktop\seleniumcourse" 

10. Pull the code
If anyfile had changes then youve to pull the code from the repository from the below command:
First goto the project location from the eclipse
git pull origin master
And you may see like "1file changed, 1insertion"

Then again try to pull the code from the git repostitory to the eclipse project location path
git pull origin master
It shows as "Already upto date"



UI:

1. First: Create the Repository in the git
1. Open Eclipse in the java view-> Import projects->Import projects from git->Existing local repository
2. Open the Perspective and Search the Git Reposotries->Click on Git Repository
3. Make sure that you had created the folder in the local repository
4. No you click on the clone icon and automatically fill the details like
Host, URI, Repository path, User/Pwd
5. Now navigate to the local repostitory where you can find the project details
6. Whatever the changes you have to make in the eclipse just do it
7. Once the changes has been over, Immediately you may see those in the Unstaged changes 
8. Move all those to staged changes-> Once it moved to staged changes which means it has been added the local repository
9. Now type the commit message and then click on the commit and push if you want to push the same to repository
10. Also note that while pushing the pushid(ex: 46effgh) has created the same will be updated in the git
11. Then navigate to the git and you may see the latest commits in the commit tab, click on the commit to see the changes
12. You may create the branches on right click the braches option and switch to branch-> you can give the branch name
13. Do changes in the eclipse and give commit and push
14. Keep in mind-> Don't select configure upstream for push and pull and Force overwrite branch in remote
15. After doing this you may view in the GIT repository those branches and changes
16. Click on the branch->Click on New Pull Request->Create Pull Request
17. Click on Merge Request

